Hey.
Big Column
Is there a secret on your phone?
It's no secret.
I'll make a phone call for you, and I'll definitely look good for you.
Don't push.
Go ahead.
The three of us worked together for five years.
Everything you have is a gift from your brain.
Wait a minute.
This nonsense between you and Chen Jing, I can open one eye and close one eye.
But you can't touch Lao Tzu's mobile phone resolutely.
Don't be strong.
I didn't do anything to anyone.
A list at the top of the company.
I'm afraid a lot of men are already sleeping.
You look at the bed, don't mess around.
Deputy Director Chen, he's not that.
Packing what?
He's often in and out of your office.
What good product are you?
Don't think I don't know.
Amarjong, what the hell did you hear me say?
What?
You've been complimenting him lately as someone who has.
I'm afraid I'm already salivating.
I'm telling you.
Her mother loves to play.
I want you to manage him.
Let me know if anyone wants to help you out today.
It's impossible.
Don't bother me here.
The rest of your story will be told later.
What I want to know now is
Was the killer behind you hired by you?